#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tincan
apache-libcloud==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
billiard==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c https:/raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-redis
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
django-config-models==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-fernet-fields-v2==0.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
django-redis==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-celeryutils==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-opaque-keys[django]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   event-tracking
event-tracking==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==37.8.0
    # via factory-boy
fastavro==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
fasteners==0.20
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsonfield==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
kombu==5.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
openedx-events==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   event-tracking
openedx-filters==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
    #   pytest
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pymongo==4.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   event-tracking
    #   tincan
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
redis==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apache-libcloud
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tincan==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
    #   kombu
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
